[DARK MUSICIAN GIRL GIGGLES]
[THINKING]
AH! MY MOST FAVORITE
DAY OF THE YEAR!
DUEL MONSTERS SPIRIT DAY.
THE ONE CHANCE I HAVE ALL YEAR
TO COME OUT AND PLAY!
AND I'M NOT GOING
TO LET IT GO TO WASTE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YOUR HAPPY LOVER LATTE,
YOUR CHITHONIAN
CHAI TEA.
ENJOY, LADIES.
[SIGH]
WHAT A CUTIE!
DON'T FALL IN LOVE
JUST YET, MINDY.
IT'S DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT DAY!
WE HAVE A WHOLE DAY
OF FLIRTING AHEAD OF US!
Man: GET YOUR KURIBOH
DUMPLINGS HERE!
KURIBOH DUMPLINGS!
WHAT DID HE SAY?!
KURIBOH DUMPLINGS,
WAS IT?
THAT'S JUST GROSS.
NO, JUST A LITTLE HAIRY.
ALL RIGHT, 20 FEET LONG...
10 FEET ACROSS...
AAH!
[COUGHING]
AND TWO CANS OF PAINT
TO RUIN IT ALL!
CHUMLEY, YOU'RE
IN THE WAY OF
MY DUEL ARENA!
ART HAS ITS PRICE!
ART? WHADAYA MEAN?
I MEAN I'M DRAWING UP
POSTERS
TO PROMOTE YOUR BIG
COSTUME DUEL TODAY!
LISHUS, HUH?!
YEAH, NOT BAD.
OF COURSE, IF YOU
REALLY WANT TO DRAW
IN A BIG CROWD,
THERE'S ONE MORE PICTURE
YOU SHOULD DRAW!
A BIG GLAM SHOT OF
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
HMM. GUESS I COULD
PUT HER IN THE CORNER.
NO! SHE DESERVES
THE WHOLE POSTER!
BUT WHAT ABOUT
DES KANGAROO?!
AND DES KOALA?
HELLO!
THEY'RE NOT EVEN REAL!
NEITHER IS
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
DON'T YOU EVER SAY THAT!
YOU HEAR ME?!
EVER!
OK! SORRY! MAN!
NOW GET TO IT!
I'VE GOTTA
FINISH THIS FIELD!
[COUGHING]
YEAH, I WOULD,
IF I COULD SEE!
Dark Magician Girl:
A COSTUME DUEL?
THAT'S PERFECT!
SO PROFESSOR BANNER'S
GONE MISSING?
THAT SURE IS STRANGE.
NO KIDDING.
ESPECIALLY AFTER
WHAT YOU TOLD US
ABOUT HIM, ATTICUS.
I WISH THAT
IT WEREN'T TRUE.
BUT IT IS.
HE'S THE ONE
WHO LED YOU TO
THE ABANDONED DORM,
THE ONE WHO LURED YOU
TO THE SHADOWS.
THAT MAY BE.
BUT THE QUESTION
WE NEED TO ANSWER
IS WHY.
I GOT A QUESTION:
WHAT IS CHAZZ DOING?!
[KISSING]
YOO-HOO!
AH, COME ON, WHERE ARE YA?!
UH, WHERE IS WHAT,
CHAZZ?
HIS MIND, JAY.
CLEARLY HE'S LOST IT.
NO, I'M LOOKING FOR BANNER'S
CAT, 'CAUSE IF WE FIND HIM,
WE'LL FIND BANNER. B-DUH.
B-DUH?! HAS CHAZZ
LOST HIS MIND AGAIN?
HEY, WHAT'S UP, SY?
HUH?
Jaden:
SWEET POSTER!
YEAH, BESIDES THAT
DARK MAGICIAN GUY
BEING IN IT,
CHUM DID
A PRETTY GOOD JOB.
YEAH, AGREED!
I RULE.
Atticus: SO,
A COSTUME DUEL?
TIGHT IDEA!
Zane:
SO WHO'S DRESSING UP
AS DARK MAGICIAN GIRL?
Atticus: SY, YOU DO
HAVE SOMEONE, RIGHT?
Syrus: UH...NOT REALLY.
BUT NO ONE'LL MIND.
I'M JUST USING HER
TO HELP SELL THE DUEL--
YOU KNOW, ADVERTISING.
UH, FALSE ADVERTISING MAYBE.
WOW. I REALLY DIDN'T
THINK OF THAT.
GUESS I'LL NEED TO
FIND SOMEONE TO PLAY
THE PART THEN...
LIKE ALEXIS!
YES,
A FINE IDEA!
YEAH, GOOD CALL.
UH, I COULD BE
THE DARK MAGICIAN GUY--
SO, LEX?
WILL YA DO IT?
COME ON, PLEASE?!
PLEASE, PLEASE?
WHADAYA SAY?!
Alexis: I ACTUALLY
ALREADY HAVE A COSTUME,
BUT I HAVE
A BETTER IDEA WHO
COULD BE HER, ANYWAY!
[SYRUS SCREAMS]
ON WHAT DEMENTED PLANET
IS THIS A BETTER IDEA?!
PLANET CHUMLEY.
COME ON, YOU DON'T THINK
DOROTHY PULLS THAT OFF?
PULL IT OFF?!
DON'T PUT THAT IMAGE
IN MY BRAIN,
PLEASE, CHUM!
EXCUSE ME!
BUT I MAKE A GREAT
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
AND HAVE FOR 10 YEARS!
THAT'S HOW LONG
I'VE OWNED THIS COSTUME!
[RIP]
OH! I THOUGHT THE ARMS
WERE FEELING A LITTLE TIGHT.
OH! AND IN THE SEAT, TOO.
OH, WELL.
ONE OF YOU MIND SEWING IT UP?
UH-UH.
[SYRUS CRYING]
MY COSTUME DUEL
IS GONNA BE A BUST!
Chumley: HELP! HELP!
DUEL MONSTER!
AAH! PLEASE DON'T CLAW ME!
PLEASE!
CHILL, CHUMLEY.
IT'S A COSTUME!
SEE, LOOK, I'M GOING
AS HARPIE LADY.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT DO I THINK?
I THINK
I'M MAJORLY RELIEVED.
[SIGH]
SO...WHAT ARE JAZ
AND MINDY GOING AS?
SAME THING.
THAT WAY,
WHEN WE'RE ALL TOGETHER,
WE'LL BE...
All: THE HARPIE LADY SISTERS!
[CHUMLEY YELLING]
I THINK
ALL THESE SHADOW GAMES
HAVE TAKEN THEIR TOLL
ON CHUMLEY.
ANYWAY, WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO BE, JADEN?
UH...WELL...
I THINK...THIS!
HMM!
OK...AND WHAT EXACTLY
IS THAT?
WELL, I WANTED TO BE
A FEW MONSTERS.
SO I JUST TOOK A COUPLE PIECES
FROM EACH OF THEM!
I GUESS AT LEAST
NO ONE WILL HAVE
THE SAME COSTUME AS YOU.
YEAH, THANK GOODNESS.
YA GOT THAT
RIGHT.
All: HUH?
HEY, LOOKIN' GOOD,
CHAZZ!
REALLY GOOD!
THANKS, I KNOW!
WHAT A COSTUME!
[GASPING]
Jaden: CHAZZ DRESSED UP
AS XYZ DRAGON CANNON!
Chumley: YOU'RE SURE
THAT'S CHAZZ, RIGHT?
RIGHT?!
NOW, THIS IS A COSTUME!
IT'S THE BEST ONE
THAT I'VE SEEN!
IS THAT...ALEXIS?!
[THINKING] PURPLE HAIR
AND POINTY EARS...
MY BIG WEAKNESS.
Jaden: UH...I DON'T
REMEMBER XYZ DRAGON CANNON
EVER BLUSHING, CHAZZ.
SHUT UP!
[GRUNTS]
NOW LET'S GET
DOWN TO BUSINESS
AND START
THIS COSTUME DUEL!
WHO'S IT GOING TO BE?!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
ALL RIGHT...JADEN!
SINCE NO ONE'S VOLUNTEERING,
I'M GONNA VOLUNTEER FOR YOU!
YOU'RE DUELING!
REALLY, I AM?
WELL, OK!
GET YOUR GAME ON,
CHAZZ!
YEAH, RIGHT!
I CAN'T DUEL
IN THIS COSTUME.
I CAN HARDLY WALK!
ALL RIGHT.
CHUMLEY, DUEL?
I REALLY SHOULDN'T.
JUST ATE.
YOU, SYRUS?
SORRY! BUT I'M
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES
FOR THIS DUEL!
I'M DOING
THE PLAY BY PLAY!
HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YA KNOW...
JUST BIG BROTHER STUFF.
LIKE TAKING EMBARRASSING
PHOTOS OF YOU
THAT I CAN SHOW
MOM AND DAD LATER!
UH, NO!
YOU WILL NOT!
AND UNCLE DOUG
AND AUNT GAIL
AND COUSIN ALANNA.
OH!
YOU'RE NOT SHOWING
ANYONE THOSE!
GIMME THAT CAMERA!
THAT'S JUST GREAT.
NOW I'VE GOT NO ONE TO DUEL.
Dark Magician Girl:
NUH-UH!
HUH?
I'LL DUEL YOU!
[ALL GASPING]
All: DARK MAGICIAN GIRL?
[GIGGLE]
NOW, THAT COSTUME FITS!
OH, MAN!
WHAT STUDENT IS THAT?!
LOOKS JUST LIKE HER!
MAN, I THINK
I'M IN LOVE!
SO CAN I?
CAN YOU WHAT?
WAIT, DUEL?
DEFINITELY!
ABSOLUTELY! FOR SURE!
AS ORGANIZER OF THIS EVENT,
I SAY YES!
BUT SY ORGANIZED THIS.
WHO CARES?
THE ANSWER'S
STILL YES!!
IF THAT'S OK
WITH YOU, I MEAN!
AW, YOU'RE CUTE.
OF COURSE IT'S OK!
LET'S DO THIS!
Crowler:
MY, NOT A BAD TURNOUT.
JUST WHO IS DUELING
IN THIS MATCH?
LOOKS LIKE JADEN
AND WHAT APPEARS TO BE
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL?
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS!
THERE'S NO SUCH...
OHH!
WHY LOOK,
IT'S DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
I SAW HER FIRST!
Chazz:
SYRUS? WHERE ARE YOU?
OK, SY, JUST PLAY IT COOL.
DON'T BE TOO OBVIOUS!
GOTTA LET HER KNOW YOU'RE
INTERESTED BUT NOT DESPERATE.
[SCREAMING]
Chazz: SYRUS, QUIT GOING GAGA
OVER DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
AND COME TO
THE COMMENTATOR BOOTH!
WHAT, ARE YOU JUST GONNA
STARE AT HER ALL DAY?!
QUIET!
OK, THEN!
INTRODUCING
TODAY'S MAIN EVENT...
HELLO,
IT'S OUR ONLY EVENT!
OOH, YEAH,
THAT'S WAY BETTER.
TODAY'S
ONE AND ONLY EVENT,
THE DUEL MONSTERS
COSTUME DUEL!
[CHEERING]
HOSTING WILL BE
MR. "CHAZZ IT UP" PRINCETON...
HI!
AND MYSELF--SYRUS,
SYRUS TRUESDALE.
HOW YA DOING?!
JUST GET ON WITH IT,
YA BOZOS!
[GRUNT]
HEH! FAIR ENOUGH!
OH, LOOK, THE DUELISTS
HAVE JUST ENTERED THE ARENA!
WHADAYA MEAN?
THEY'VE BEEN THERE
FOR 10 MINUTES NOW!
AT MY FAR RIGHT,
DRESSED MORE AS A DUEL MONTAGE
THAN A MONSTER...JADEN YUKI!
Boy:
WHAT A DOOFUS.
YEAH, NO JOKE.
NO,
HE IS A JOKE.
[GRUNTS]
THAT'S IT!
YA TRY AND SHOW
SOME CREATIVITY...
AND THIS IS
THE THANKS YA GET.
CREATIVITY?
IS THAT WHAT THAT WAS?
WELL, I GUESS THAT'S GOOD
TO KNOW FOR NEXT TIME.
YEAH,
SO WE CAN STOP HIM.
MY DOG BACK HOME'S
GOT MORE STYLE THAN THAT,
AND HE'S COLOR BLIND.
BACK ON TOPIC, THOUGH!
AT MY LEFT,
I'M THRILLED TO PRESENT...
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
ISN'T SHE JUST
THE ABSOLUTE CUTEST?!
NICE JOB.
REAL PROFESSIONAL.
AW, COME ON.
YOU WERE THINKING IT.
HI, YOU GUYS!
HOPE YOU'LL ALL CHEER ME ON!
[CHEERING]
[GRUNTING]
YA KNOW, SY,
WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE NEUTRAL!
SORRY. BUT I'VE SHIFTED
INTO HIGH GEAR!
YOU'VE LOST IT.
GENTLEMAN...AND WOMAN,
START YOUR DUEL DISKS!
I DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU ARE!
BUT GOOD LUCK!
HEY, THANKS! YOU, TOO!
[CHEERING]
Jaden: NOW
GET YOUR GAME ON!
ALL RIGHT, HERE I COME!
HMM.
I THINK I'LL PLACE
ONE MONSTER FACEDOWN!
All: DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
WE'RE ROOTING FOR YOU!
WHY, THANK YOU!
SO MUCH FOR
HOME FIELD ADVANTAGE.
I DON'T DESERVE
SUCH PRAISE!
YES, YOU DO!
YOU DESERVE EVEN MORE!
BUT...IT'LL HAVE TO WAIT
TILL AFTER JADEN GOES.
YEAH,
UH, THANKS, SY.
I THINK.
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
WOW, AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS,
RIGHT, CHAZZ?
ACTUALLY, I REALLY HOPE
THAT YOU DO,
BECAUSE I DON'T.
IT MEANS, SYRUS,
THAT JADEN GETS TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS FROM HIS DECK.
THAT'S RIGHT,
THANKS TO BUBBLEMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND THEN FROM MY HAND,
I'LL ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION!
AND FUSE TOGETHER
BUBBLEMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE...
ELEMENTAL HERO
STEAM HEALER
IN ATTACK MODE!
HE LOOKS TOUGH!
GUESS WE'LL SEE!
NOW! GO, STEAM HEALER!
ATTACK THAT FACEDOWN!
Syrus: WHOA!
CHECK OUT
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL'S
MONSTER!
IT'S FIRE SORCERER!
THIS SHOULD BE
INTERESTING.
ALL RIGHT! HERE GOES!
I PLAY...
[CHEERING]
MY SORCERER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
DO YOUR THING, SWEETIE!
HOORAY!
SHE'S DOING HER THING!
HER THING!
SO, UH,
WHAT'S HER THING?
HER THING
REMOVES TWO OF DARK MAGICIAN
GIRL'S CARDS FROM THE GAME...
AND THEN, SY,
DEALS 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO JADEN.
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN!
YOU GO,
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
All: YOU GO,
NOW GET HIM!
All: YEAH! GET HIM! HOORAY!
[GIGGLES]
ALL RIGHT. HA HA HA!
FIRE SORCERER! BLAST HIM!
FIRE SORCERER, GET HIM!
WELL...I'M NOT
THE ONLY ONE GETTIN' BURNT!
I PLAY STEAM HEALER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
OH, WOW!
THAT'S ONE SCOLDING
SPECIAL ABILITY!
YEAH,
IT LETS JADEN THERE
REGAIN LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE MONSTER HE DESTROYED.
[CROWD JEERING]
HUH?
Syrus: WHOA!
SEEMS THE CROWD IS
MAD AT JADEN FOR...
FIGHTING BACK?
WHAT WOULD THEY
HAVE HIM DO, GIVE UP?
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
SHE'S PLAYING
THIS CROWD BETTER
THAN JADEN'S PLAYING
HIS DECK.
IT'S MY TURN.
WISH ME LUCK, GUYS!
HERE GOES!
Crowd: YOU GO!
I SUMMON MAGICIAN'S VALKYRIA
IN ATTACK MODE!
OOH, GOOD MOVE!
AS LONG AS THAT'S
ON THE FIELD,
JADEN WON'T BE
ALLOWED TO ATTACK
ANY OTHER
SPELLCASTER-TYPE
MONSTERS THAT ARE OUT!
CAN I GET A WORD IN?
UH, NEXT TIME?
NOW I ACTIVATE
DIMENSION FUSION!
BY PAYING
2,000 LIFE POINTS,
WE BOTH CAN SUMMON
MONSTERS THAT WERE
REMOVED FROM THE GAME
BACK TO OUR FIELDS!
NO NEED TO THANK ME.
IT'S REALLY MY PLEASURE.
NOT JUST YOURS, THOUGH!
I'M SURE THOSE TWO CARDS
YOU GOT RID OF EARLIER
ARE THRILLED AS WELL!
HEH HEH HEH!
THAT'S RIGHT!
'CAUSE NOW
THEY GET TO COME BACK!
SHE'S PLAYED THE CARD
SHE'S PRETENDING TO BE!
YES, HOW CURIOUS.
IT WAS MY UNDERSTANDING
THAT ONLY THE KING OF GAMES,
YUGI MUTO,
POSSESSED
THE DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
MINE, TOO.
JUST WHO IS
THIS GIRL?
HERE IT COMES!
ON 3, OK?
1, 2, 3!
ATTACK!!!
GO, DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
TROUNCE THAT STEAM HEALER
WITH...
DARK BURNING ATTACK!
[GROANING]
NO MORE HEALIN'
FOR HIM.
AND THERE'S MORE!
NEXT I'LL ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
WITH BOTH MY MAGICIAN'S
VALKYRIAS!
WITH BOTH OF THEM?!
I DON'T LIKE TO PLAY
FAVORITES...
AND NEITHER DO THEY!
[CHEERING]
WELL, WHEN THE DUELING
GETS TOUGH,
THE TOUGH GET DUELING!
FIRST I PLAY...
THE SPELL FUSION RECOVERY!
NOW I CAN TAKE
ONE POLYMERIZATION
AND ONE FUSION-MATERIAL
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ADD THEM TO MY HAND!
AND THAT LETS ME FUSE
BURSTINATRIX WITH AVIAN
TO CREATE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
OOH!
[CROWD JEERING]
All: YOU'RE NOTHING BUT A BULLY!
PICKIN' ON GIRLS!
WHAT IS HE DOING?!
IT'S LIKE JADEN
DOESN'T WANT HER TO WIN
OR SOMETHING!
TAKE A CHILL PILL, SYRUS.
IT'S DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
THAT STILL HAS THE EDGE
IN THIS DUEL.
SHE DOES?
[GIGGLE]
[LAUGHTER]
[JADEN GROANS]
CHAZZ IS RIGHT!
FLAME WINGMAN!
I CAN'T
HAVE HIM ATTACK!
VALKYRIA. THAT SPECIAL
ABILITY OF HERS
IS STILL IN EFFECT.
AS LONG AS SHE'S OUT,
JADEN CAN'T ATTACK OTHER
SPELLCASTER-TYPE MONSTERS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND BECAUSE THERE'S TWO,
THE FIRST VALKYRIA
PROTECTS THE SECOND,
AND THEN THE SECOND VALKYRIA
IS ABLE TO PROTECT THE FIRST.
[ALL SHOUTING]
Jaden: GUESS I'LL JUST
THROW DOWN TWO FACEDOWNS
AND CALL IT A TURN.
HMM. FACEDOWNS
CAN BE AWFULLY SCARY!
I'M A BIT NERVOUS.
Crowd: DON'T BE! YOU CAN DO IT!
WE'RE BEHIND YOU!
THANKS!
SHE IS GOOD.
YEAH, AND IT'S TIME
TO SEE JUST HOW GOOD!
THAT'S RIGHT!
'CAUSE GUESS WHOSE
TURN IT IS TO DRAW!
OH YEAH--
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
[CHEERING]
HERE GOES! HMM.
I PLAY THIS!
[CHEERING]
MAGIC FORMULA!
IT GIVES MY DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
700 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
THEN THAT MEANS...
IT'S OVER!
SHE'LL BEAT
FLAME WINGMAN! YEAH!
HE'S LOST!
SHE'S WON?!
All: FINISH HIM!
GO, DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
ATTACK FLAME WINGMAN
AND END THIS!
I PLAY A TRAP!
STAUNCH DEFENDER!
STRANGE CHOICE.
THAT'LL FORCE
ALL HER MONSTERS TO ATTACK.
HMM?
HEY, WHAT GIVES?
WHY WOULD YOU WANT ME
TO ATTACK WITH EVERYONE
THAT I HAVE OUT?
HMM. BECAUSE...
OF WHAT I HAVE OUT!
ANOTHER TRAP!
HERO BARRIER!
OH! HMM!
YOU GOT ME GOOD THERE!
GOT WHO...WHAT...WHERE?!
CHAZZ, CARE TO EXPLAIN
HOW SHE'LL GET
OUT OF THIS?
SHE'S NOT GOING TO
GET OUT OF THIS ONE, SY.
HERO BARRIER BLOCKED HER
MAGICIAN GIRL'S ATTACK,
AND NOW STAUNCH DEFENDER
FORCES THOSE VALYKRIAS
TO GO AFTER
THE FLAME WINGMAN.
BUT HE'S WAY STRONGER
THAN THEM!
All: DON'T DO IT! WE BEG YOU!
SORRY!
BUT I PLAY TO WIN!
FLAME WINGMAN!
GET READY!
NOW BLAST 'EM!
UNH!
AW, MAN!
IT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD
FOR HER, DOES IT?
LET ME PUT IT
THIS WAY: NO.
[CROWD WHIMPERING]
OH, COME ON!
DON'T YOU GET ALL GLOOMY!
CAN'T WIN THEM ALL,
RIGHT?
BESIDES, IN A WAY,
I HAVE WON,
'CAUSE I GOT TO MEET
SO MANY OF MY FANS!
NOW, THEN!
IF I'M GONNA GO DOWN,
I'LL GO DOWN FIGHTING!
MAGICIAN'S VALYKRIA!
ATTACK!
Syrus, thinking:
GOT TO MEET SO MANY
OF HER FANS?
OH!
AND THAT'LL DO IT!
WHEN FLAME WINGMAN DESTROYS
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
THE OPPONENT TAKES DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT DESTROYED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS!
[CHUCKLE]
THANKS! WHAT A FUN MATCH!
SEE YOU AROUND, JADEN!
AND YOU GUYS, TOO!
All: YOU'RE THE BEST!
YOU MADE THIS DUEL!
YOU GO, DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
AND NOW...
IT'S TIME FOR US TO GO,
BUT DON'T FRET!
WE'LL BE BACK SOON!
RIGHT, CHAZZ?
TO BROADCAST MORE DUELS?
YEAH, RIGHT.
BOY, IT'S NOT EASY
BEING THE BAD GUY!
AW, SOMETIMES THE GIRLS
LIKE THE BAD GUYS.
I MEAN, SO I'VE HEARD.
OH RIGHT.
YEAH, OF COURSE.
NOW THE ONLY
QUESTION IS,
WHO WAS THAT GIRL?
YEAH, REALLY.
YOU'D THINK WE WOULD
HAVE SEEN HER AROUND.
YEAH, YOU WOULD THINK.
OH WELL, IT'S STILL
DUEL MONSTERS SPIRIT DAY,
SO LET'S PARTY!
Syrus, thinking:
I'VE GOTTA FIND HER.
I'VE GOTTA KNOW
IF IT WAS REALLY HER!
[CROWD GASPING]
YEAH! CHECK US OUT!
HARPIE LADY SISTERS
IN THE HOUSE!
BUT NO PICTURES.
LEXIE WON'T ALLOW IT!
Alexis: YOU WOULDN'T,
EITHER, IF YOU HAD
A BIG BRO LIKE MINE!
Syrus: OH, WELL.
I GUESS YOU'RE GONE.
OH.
[THINKING]
I JUST WANT TO SAY...
YOU MADE ME REMEMBER
HOW MUCH FUN DUELING CAN BE.
YOU MADE US ALL REMEMBER--
WHOEVER YOU ARE.
I WON'T FORGET YOU,
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
AH!
I WON'T FORGET YOU,
EITHER, SY!
AND I'M SURE ONE DAY
WE'LL MEET UP AGAIN!
HUH?
OHH.
[GIGGLES]
OK, TIME FOR BED.
I'M STARTING TO HALLUCINATE!
WELL, THEN THAT MAKES
TWO OF US,
BECAUSE I SAW HER,
TOO, SYRUS!
SAW WHO?
THERE'S NOBODY HERE.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS, JADEN!
YEAH, OK,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THERE WAS NO ONE HERE.
BUT I THINK THAT
THAT NO ONE?
HAS A CRUSH ON YOU,
SYRUS.
[GIGGLE]
HMM. SO YOU
REALLY DID SEE IT,
AND IT REALLY WAS HER.
THEN YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
I REALLY GOT MY FIRST KISS!
[JADEN LAUGHING]
STOP LAUGHING!
IT COUNTS!
WHAT?! IT DOES!